
LoanPal

    (844) 562-6725
    Why loanpal?

The modern mortgage that's
inexpensive, easy, and completely transparent.
Why Choose loanpal?
We're changing mortgage forever by building a technology-enabled process that puts you in control.
Simple & Fast

Our state-of-the-art technology ensures your loan process is fast and easy, the way it should be.
Really Great Rates

Our streamlined process reduces costs that we pass on to you through super low rates. We eliminated lender fees too, because who wants to pay those!
No Hidden Fees

We give you clear answers to all your questions so you can make smarter choices. And, we put our rates online so you know exactly what you're getting with no surprises.

"Working with Stephanie was great, fantastic, excellent... She was knowledgeable, responsive, helped accomplish what was needed, and then some. She was easy to talk to, built a good rapport.
Out of a rating of 5 would rate her a 6."

How loanpal Works
Our highly efficient, lending experience that drives costs out and passes that savings back to you.
Choose your rate

Use our online rate search technology to choose that rate and payment that's perfect for you.
Apply for your loan

Apply online or call one of our customer support specialists who can take you through the application process.
Get approved

We'll take care of everything and let you know once your loan is approved. It's fast, easy, and hassle-free.
Close your loan

We make that easy too. We'll come to you at home, work or any place you like to close your loan.

    Why loanpal
    Our Team

    Articles
    Calculators
    Glossary
    FAQs

    (844) 562-6725
    Privacy Policy
    Terms of Use
    Disclosures & Licensing

    Twitter
    Facebook
    YouTube
    Google
    Instagram
    Zillow

* Rates displayed are subject to change and assumes that you are refinancing an owner-occupied single family home, all borrowers have credit scores of 740 or higher, debt-to-income ratios of 35% or lower, asset and reserve requirements are met, and your property has a loan-to-value of 80% or less. The Annual Percentage Rate (APR) is based on a loan amount of $200,000. Please contact us at 844-562-6725 for a customized rate and payment quote.
? 2016 loanpal?. All rights reserved. Lending services provided by Paramount Equity Mortgage?, LLC. 8781 Sierra College Blvd, Roseville, CA 95661. NMLS# 30336.
Chat with us now
; 